<notextile><!-- 1386551476 -->
<!-- hummus and vegetables in a spicy curry and sesame sauce --></notextile>
h2. Sesame Hummus Wraps

* 1 pack (six count) multi-grain-flax or whole-wheat bread wraps
*Hummus spread:*
* 2 Tbsp coconut or canola oil
* 2 (15 oz) cans chickpeas, rinsed and drained
* 1 small lemon, juiced
* 2 Tbsp tahini
* 1 clove garlic, minced
* 1 tsp fresh mint leaf or to taste (optional)
*Sauce:*
* 1 half of a (14 oz) can of coconut milk
* 1/4 cup tahini
* 1 & 1/2 Tbsp green curry paste
* 1 & 1/2 Tbsp soy sauce
* 2 Tbsp brown sugar
*Veggies:*
* 2 Tbsp coconut or canola oil
* 2 Tbsp sesame seed
* 2 tsp ginger root, minced
* 4 carrots, cut into matchsticks
* 4 cups broccoli
* 1 bell pepper, sliced long-ways
* 1/2 eggplant, peeled and cut into strips
* 6 green onions, sliced
* 3 cloves garlic, minced
* 4 cups spinach leaf
* 2 handfuls cilantro, rinsed and chopped

# Add oil, chickpeas, lemon juice, tahini, garlic and mint to processor and purée.
# In a small pot, add sauce ingredients. Heat and mix until all ingredients are fully integrated. Set aside until ready to use.
# In a large pan, add oil, sesame seed, ginger root, and carrots. Cook until carrots are tender.
# Add broccoli, bell pepper, eggplant, garlic, and green onions. Spoon in a bit of the sauce to keep vegetables moist. Cook until everything is tender.
# Add spinach and cilantro. Remove from heat once spinach begins to wilt.
# Thickly spread hummus mix on bread wraps. Add vegetable mix, then spoon sauce evenly across. Roll up wraps and serve.
