<notextile><!-- 1387686566 -->
<!-- sweet Persian rice --></notextile>
h2. Jeweled Rice
* 1/4 cup non-salted pistachios, toasted and slivered
* 1/4 cup almonds, toasted and slivered
* 2 cups basmati rice, rinsed and soaked
* 1 orange, peeled
* 1/2 cup sugar
* 1 cup water
* 2 medium carrots, peeled, cut into matchstick-size pieces
* 1/4 cup dried barberries or 1/2 cup dried cranberries, soaked and drained
* 1/4 cup raisins, soaked and drained
* 1/4 tsp saffron threads
* 2 Tbsp ghee or unsalted butter
* 1/4 cup olive oil, divided
* 1 medium onion, finely chopped
* 1/8 tsp salt
* 1/4 tsp ground cardamom
* 1/4 tsp ground cumin
* 1/4 tsp ground turmeric

# Cook rice in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until grains have lengthened but are still firm, 6–7 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Spread rice on another rimmed baking sheet and let cool.
# Bring sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add orange zest and carrots, reduce heat, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until carrots are tender, 15–20 minutes. Drain and set aside, discarding syrup.
# Place saffron in a small bowl and add 1/4 cup hot water. Set aside.
# Heat ghee and 1 Tbsp of the oil in a large skillet. Add onion, salt, and cook until soft and brown. Add cardamom, cumin, turmeric, and 1 tablespoon of the saffron water. Cook until fragrant.
# Reduce heat to low, berries and cook, stirring often, about 3 minutes.
# Stir in nuts, orange peel and carrot mixture. Set aside.
# Heat remaining 3 tablespoons oil in the large pot over medium heat. Add half of rice, spreading evenly; top with fruit and nut mixture, then remaining rice, spreading evenly. Poke 5–6 holes in rice all the way through to bottom of pot (to help release steam and help rice cook evenly).
# Drizzle remaining saffron mixture over rice. Cover with a tight-fitting lid.
# Cook until pot begins to steam, 5–8 minutes. Reduce heat to very low and cook, without stirring, until rice is tender and bottom layer of rice is browned and crisp, 30–40 minutes.
# Scoop rice into a wide serving bowl, breaking bottom crust into pieces.

Taken from "Bon Appétit":http://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/jeweled-rice.
