---
date: 1393042565
desc: simple, crispy loaf of wheat bread
---

h2. Pumpkin Bread

* 1 tsp brown sugar (for proofing yeast)
* 1/2 cup warm water (between 110F-115F/43C-46C, for proofing yeast)
* 1/4 oz active dry yeast
* 5 & 1/2 cups bread flour
* 1 Tbsp brown sugar
* 2 & 1/2 tsp salt
* 15 oz pumpkin purée
* 2 Tbsp virgin olive oil
* 1/2 cup warm water (for kneading)
* 1 egg white, lightly beaten
* 2 Tbsp sesame seeds

# In a small bowl, dissolve tsp of sugar into 1/2 cup of warm water. Mix in yeast and proof for 5 minutes, or until yeast bubbles up to the top of the bowl.
# Meanwhile, whisk flour, sugar, and salt in a mixing bowl. Add yeast mixture, pumpkin and oil when ready.
# With a mixer begin to knead the dough while slowly adding remaining half cup of water. Continue mixing until dough is consistent.
# Transfer dough to a flat surface dusted in extra bread flour. Knead the dough with wet hands, dusting the outside of the dough after folding. Cover dough with a towel and allow to rise for 1 hour.
# Pre-heat oven to 425F/220C. Transfer dough to a large, greased bread pan or rounded casserole dish. Brush top of loaf with egg white and sprinkle on sesame seeds. Cut several slits (1/4-1/2 inch) across the loaf. Spritz the loaf with water and put into oven.
# Allow to bake for 45 minutes. Carefully remove bread from dish, running a knife along the edge as needed to prevent tearing. Recommended storing in a refrigerator to prevent molding. If storing in fridge, store as airtight as possible to prevent fast drying.
