---
date: 1405800757
title: "Food Places: Middle Eastern / Indian Edition"
---

h2. Food Places: Middle Eastern / Indian Edition

Food places around the Richmond area where I live.

h3. Markets

*"Jerusalem Market & Deli":http://www.zabihah.com/biz/Richmond/Jerusalem-Market-amp-Deli/UzFKdAis6B* - Proprietor: Bilal
7226 Hull Street Road
Richmond, VA 23235
(360 Plaza @ Turner Road)

*"Laxmi Palace":http://www.yelp.com/biz/laxmi-palace-richmond* - Proprietor: Hamlish
3423 Old Parham Road
Richmond, VA 23294

*"Ramallah Halal Market":http://www.islamicfinder.org/getitWorld.php?id=106453* - Proprietor: Kasam
583 Southpark Boulevard
Colonial Heights, VA 23834

*"Taj Grocery":http://www.yelp.com/biz/taj-mahal-grocery-richmond* - Proprietor: Surinder
7104 Hull Street Road
Richmond, VA 23235


h3. Restaurants

*"Indian Pastry House":http://www.indianpastryhouse.com/*
3409 Old Parham Road (same plaza as Laxmi Palace)
Richmond VA 23294

*"Kabab Bistro":http://www.kababbistro.com/* - Pakistani and spicy. Recommended this place by multiple people.
7801 W Broad Street #6
Richmond, VA 23294

*"Noorani Kabob House":http://nooranikababhouse.com/* Indian/Pakistani with a buffet.
2757 Hungary Spring Road
Henrico, VA 23294

*"Tazza Fried Chicken & Grill":http://www.zabihah.com/biz/A6QV6O9uLl* - Proprietor: Imran and his wife and their daughter (Zara, I believe). They are reportedly opening a market there as well. Good food, very clean. Fairly fluent in English, especially Zara.
4418 West Hundred Road
Chester, VA 23831

*"The Box":http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-box-richmond* - Afghani food and very highly spoken of.
8211 Hull Street Road
Richmond, VA 23235

*"Rajput":http://rajputonlone.com/* - Kind of a ways out (Gent area of Norfolk) and a little pricey. Be sure to tell them not to leave out the spiciness and that you can handle authentic food so you'll get the real deal.
742 W. 21st Street
Norfolk, VA 23517
(I have not been to their Suffolk location.)
5860 Harbourview Boulevard
Suffolk, VA 23435

h3. Online Shops

*"Amazon":http://amazon.com/* - Actually a good source for dried and jarred goods, especially if you can get the items through the Amazon free shipping fulfillment.

*"iShopIndian":http://www.ishopindian.com/* - "I've ordered from these folks. I would use them as a regular source in the absence of local markets." - Tara Munro


<br>Thanks to Tara Munro for the sources of most of these places.
