<notextile><!-- 1386012854 -->
<!-- flour cupcakes with a peanut-butter frosting --></notextile>
h2. Banana Cupcakes

* 1 cup granulated sugar
* 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
* 2 eggs
* 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
* 1/2 cup sour cream
* 2 ripe bananas, cut into small pieces
* 1 & 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
* 1 tsp baking soda
* 3/4 tsp cinnamon
* 1/4 tsp nutmeg
* 1/4 tsp salt

# Pre-heat oven to 350F/175C. Prepare a muffin tin by lining it with paper liners. With your mixer, cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add in eggs one at a time, and vanilla and mix to combine. 
# Add in sour cream and bananas and mix again, making sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl to ensure everything is getting mixed well.
# In a large bowl sift together flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. Slowly add the dry ingredients to the wet and mix until smooth.
# Fill each muffin cup about 3/4 of the way full. You should get about 15 cupcakes from one batch. 
# Bake for about 18-20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out clean. Allow the cupcakes to cool for a few minutes before transferring them to a wire rack to cool completely.

h3. Peanut Butter Cream Cheese Frosting
* 10 ounces cream cheese (room temp)
* 1 stick unsalted butter (1/2 cup – room temp)
* 5 cups powdered sugar/confectioners sugar
* 2/3 cup creamy peanut butter

# While the cupcakes cool, make the frosting. With your mixer, combine cream cheese and butter until light and fluffy. Add in powdered sugar, one cup at a time. When all of the powdered sugar has been added and the frosting is light and fluffy, add in 2/3 cup creamy peanut butter and mix to combine.
# Pipe frosting onto cooled cupcakes. Store in an air-tight container.

Taken from "CenterCutCook":http://centercutcook.com/banana-cupcakes-with-peanut-butter-frosting/.
